
## Warning
⚠ The following project has been placed on hold, abandoned, and all releases have been removed ⚠

### Motivation
The original goal of this project was to provide a simple way to clean up data folders.

However, while the project was considered successful  at the time there are some glaring reasons, described below, as to why it is now abandoned.

* Reason 1: With the move to CHILI publish Online the amount of on-prem installs are decreasing by the day, and thus the number of people who would benefit from this project decrease as well.
* Reason 2: This project was not tested against large environments, and quickly fails to achieve expected results when tested in a multi GB environment.
* Reason 3: This project was written as an experiment in WPF and unit test do not exist to verify functionality. A lot of work would need to be done to bring this up to my quality of standards.
* Reason 4: Ultimately this was meant to be collaborative, where others would fork, steal, or just be inspire to use in their own projects.

Releases were removed due to a slight security concern where an API key was generated by this application that was long lasting, but if this application failed to shutdown, that key would still persist on the server.

### What Now
The code in this project, specially RunHealthAssessment function in [Operations.cs](https://github.com/seancrowe/SpicyDataDoctor/blob/master/SpicyDataDoctor/Operations.cs), still is practical and useful for anyone wishing to develop a data XML cleaner.

This project has been superseded by its spiritual successor: [clean-data-xmls](https://github.com/seancrowe/clean-data-xmls).
